To marry is to halve your rights and double your duties.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age 18.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Business? It's quite simple. It's other people's money.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
A great writer is, so to speak, a second government in his country.
And for that reason no regime has ever loved great writers,only minor ones.
You don't live in a world all alone.
Your brothers are here too.
A hungry man is not a free man.
To know is nothing at all; to imagine is everything.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Television has a real problem. They have no page two.
Man is born to live, not to prepare for life.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
When men are employed, they are best contented.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Accurst be he that first invented war.
Thus each sex regards the other as basically selfish.
Freedom is a system based on courage.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
You can learn a little from victory;
you can learn everything from defeat.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Old soldiers never die; They just fade away.
If you want to be happy for a year, plant a garden;
if you wnat to be happy for life, plant a tree.
I was never less alone than when by myself.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
There are two ways of spreading light:
To be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Since when was genius found respectable?
Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
A politician divides mankind into two classes: tools and enemies.
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.
He who rises from prayer a better man, his prayer is answered.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
History is more or less bunk.
He who does not hope to win has already lost.
I met a lot of people in Europe, I even encountered myself.
The hardest work is to go idle.
